How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Viewing a diff between two versions of a file helped to recognize the 
    recently introduced errors or typo because the earlier version was 
    working perfectly. Therefore, by comparing the versions it became 
    easier to find out the bug in the new version.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Having easy access to the entire history of a file can help me in many 
    ways to become an efficient programmer. It will save my time as I don't 
    need to manually save all my files. And sometimes it is not practical to 
    save all your changes as files and as a result if I want to continue my 
    work some time later, I forget where was I and what changes did I make 
    which is causing error or bug while previously it was not.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Manually choosing when to commit is helpful when you are doing programming 
    or some development work because it is a job that requires attention.
    Having versions automatically saved is helpful when you are typing a 
    document because in that each and everything is important and you are not
    tempted to save it regularly at specific points, so it is better to have
    it automatically saved. While you are coding, you get to know exactly when
    you have made a logical change and you can commit it manually.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git is used by developers and the files here are largely related. Change in
    one is followed by the change in another. While Google Docs has files which
    contain simple documents containing information and are very independent of 
    each other, therefore they need not be treated together.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    The command git log is used to view the history and message of all the 
    commits. Therefore we can get the id of the commit which which we want to 
    see the changes we have made. We can compare the commit with the previous 
    commit to see the changes made in the particular commit using git diff and 
    the id's of the two commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Using version control can be very helpful because it allows us to use 
    previous versions of our code and we can get rid of the fear of making 
    changes that can break something.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I will use Git for all my projects and I am sure that I am going to have 
    lot of fun using git.

    